Archive Event Store Docker Repository (#81)
EventStore/eventstore-docker: README.md

# Event Store Docker Container [Archived]

> **This GitHub project has been archived. Ongoing work of the docker images can be found in https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This GitHub project has been archived. Ongoing work related to the docker images can be found in https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore.**
```
